[RA2 Ch3] Operator Pattern (#2416)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter03.md

    * [3.2.2 Container Networking Services](#322-container-networking-services)
    * [3.2.3 Container Storage Services](#323-container-storage-services)
    * [3.2.4 Container Package Managers](#324-container-package-managers)

>         * [3.2.5.1 Operator Pattern](#3251-operator-pattern)

Reviewer: Typo: 3.2.4.1 instead of 3.2.5.1

Author: @pgoyal01 : Actually it doesn't logically fit under 3.2.4 so I changed it into its own 3.2.5.

lifecycle management of the applications they manage. The Reference Architecture
does not recommend the usage of a Kubernetes Application package manager with a
server side component installed to the Kubernetes Cluster (e.g.: Tiller).

#### 3.2.5.1 Operator Pattern

> [Custom controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/#custom-controllers) is a control loop watching cluster for changes to a custom resource. This tries to keep the current state of the resource in sync with the desired state.

Reviewer: Suggestions
```suggestion
A [custom controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/#custom-controllers) is a control loop that watches a custom resource for changes and tries to keep the current state of the resource in sync with the desired state.
```

[Operator pattern](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/) combines custom resources and custom controllers. Operators are software extensions to Kubernetes that capture operational knowledge and automate usage of custom resources to manage applications, their components and cloud infrastructure. 

> Operators can have different capability levels. As per repository [OperatorHub.io](https://operatorhub.io/), operator can have different capability levels ([picture](https://operatorhub.io/static/images/capability-level-diagram.svg)):

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
Operators can have different capability levels. As per repository [OperatorHub.io](https://operatorhub.io/), an operator can have different capability levels ([picture](https://operatorhub.io/static/images/capability-level-diagram.svg)):
```
